# Ringo debriefing

## Introduction

On Monday May 18th We had our first meeting with Jo and Marcel form I Love Mayhem. Jo had sent us a brief with some of the general idea's behind Ringo the week before which we read and came up with some questions. The meeting started with a brief introduction about how Jo and Marcel deicided to team up after leaving a big company. They told us the job of a music supervisor can be a bit tedious sometimes and wanted to make something to solve this. 

## Ringo

Jo and Marcel are working on an idea to make the lifes of music supervisors a lot easier. A music supervisor is someone who combines music and visual media. This basically means a music supervisor is a qualified person who oversees all music related aspects of film, television, advertising, video games and other existing or emerging visual media platforms as required. Jo and Marcel were explaining that the way this is done now is is very time consuming and tedious thing to do. They explained that there are a lot of holes in information people in this branche have to deal with right now. It's unclear who owns which rights in different countries, and most of the time music supervisors need to find out who and where to contact manually which can be a very tedious task. That's why they want to make a kind "all in one" platform for music supervisors called Ringo.pro. Ringo is an online application where music supervisors can look for inspiration, listen, checkout metadata about music, make and share playlists, make projects and last but not least deal with enquiries. As stated before being a music supervisor right now means you have to do a lot of manual; research about who to contact and how to contact this person. As a result of this manual approach it can take upto 2 months in order to obtain the right license for your visual media. This is another glitch Jo and Marcel want to fix with Ringo, Ringo aims to improve this process to just 5 days.

## Scope

As we only have 5 weeks to make a prototype we had to know what Jo an Marcel are expecting at the end of the line. They decided that the desktop expreience is the most important one right now. So focusing on a responsive design which also works on mobile is not that important right now, this might be something they want to explore in the future. After asking what the most valuable aspect is for us to make right now Jo and Marcel decided on the search funtionality. They would like this to be conversational user interface similair to something that can be made with [typeform](https://www.typeform.com/product/). What they both like about typeform is that it isolates steps and guides users a in a certain way without showing unnecessary information on the screen. Marcel emphasized that the other two parts of the website also needed some serieus attention. Since there is no real data available in on place for music licensing we decided that Jo would give us some fake data to work with. For the music data we are going to do some reasearch on possible API's. There is no corporate identity yet for Ringo, but the look and feels should be professional. Music supervisors will be using this tool for approximately 8 hours a day so the interface should't be distracting.

## Communication

As e-mail might not be the best means of communication we decided to use Slack as our means of communication Jo offered to set this up. We decided to go on and make a debrief which we agreed to 